feat(changelog): object-storage-changed-price-drop-for-standard-one-zone 2026-01-05 (#6023)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2026/2026-01-05-object-storage-changed-price-drop-for-standard-one-zone.mdx

---
title: Price drop for Standard One Zone class
status: changed
date: 2026-01-05
category: storage
product: object-storage
---

The monthly price for Standard One Zone class has been reduced from €0,0000165/GB/hour ~€0.012/GB/month to €0,0000103/GB/hour ~€0.0075/GB/month. 

> With Standard One Zone, availability is guaranteed with 99% SLAs. Benefit from this class for cost-effective production and development environments, media distribution, monitoring, or backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monthly price for the Standard One-Zone class has been reduced from €0,0000165/GB/hour (approx. €0.012GB/month) to €0,0000103/GB/hour (approx. €0.0075/GB/month). 

The Standard One Zone storage class comes with a 99% availability SLA, making it ideal for cost-effective storage in production and development environments, media distribution, monitoring, and backup.
```

---

> title: Price drop for Standard One-Zone class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Price drop for Standard One Zone class
```
